Mrs. Jiang, you haven't seen Mengmeng for so long
Do you still recognize him?
Mengmeng is my biological daughter
I can recognize him no matter what he looks like now
You see
This is your Mengmeng
This is not
What about this girl?
Yes this is my daughter my Mengmeng
Mrs. Liu, have you met him?
Where is he now?
Are you having a good time?
Great! I knew it!
I knew I was right.
Mrs. Liu, why do you look happier than me?
Mrs. Jiang, you don't know a lot has happened here
I'll tell you when I'm free.
The most important thing now is that I want my son to know that Qin Shiyu is the Mengmeng he has been looking for for many years
Come on. I'll take you to your daughter. Come on
Mrs. Jiang, wait for me, I'll drive the car over
Ah!
Brother Niu is all right, so I don't want you to have so many things to do?
Is anyone staying?
Someone
Can't keep people
I'm so bitter
This time you are my true gift